hello everybody I'm Kelly welcome to my
cooking channel today I'm gonna show you
a very popular Chinese dish and as you
most of you may have heard this Mapo
tofu in Chinese is very some point even
order is which Chinese restaurants
you just have to say Mapo tofu
so the translation is quite similar
isn't it and it's very easy to make this
dish as well let me show you how to make
it you need a 10 ounces of the medium
firm tofu 4 ounces of the point pork or
beef a few slice the ginger and whole
garlic fresh chili pepper as your
personal taste diced white onion diced
bell pepper finely chopped green onion
point garlic and ginger cornstarch dried
chili pepper dried such 1 peppercorn
Olli for you
soy sauce cooking wine sesame oil and
the chili bean sauce first open the tofu
and then cut a tofu in small cubes as
your personal preference
you marinate the point meet you
add 1 teaspoon point ginger 1 teaspoon
chopped green onion 1 tsp cooking wine
and 1 tsp soy sauce 1 tsp corn starch
i'm also adding a little bit early for
you that will make the grind meat extra
tender and soft
lastly you mix everything evening first
of all pick a nonstick work for him and
he does about 1 TSP of the ADI for you
and when the work is ready and you act
make sure to use their support so they
are not in one chunk
keeps there in the meet for about five
minutes until all the meat is well down
and then you can transfer to a play
and it's cuckoo tofu
even on steak watch you add one
tablespoon of the olive oil add the
diced white onion diced bell pepper
ginger and garlic I'm also adding about
2 tbsp of the point garlic just to give
the extra Rubens's and then the card
green onion and chopped green onion now
stare everything evening stir everything
4 cup of minutes until the onion is
ready now you can add a little bit
Sichuan peppercorn and the dried chili
pepper
when you start hope we'll make sure Ned
and tofu cook for about four to five
minutes so they can absorb all the good
flavor
planet sauce and then you add one
teaspoon of the cooking wine stir
everything gentle and evening now you
can taste a little bit hopeful just to
see how you like it
and you can add a little bit so sauce as
case and then start everything evening
smells very nice if you read spicy now
before transferring ever seen to a
serving plane you can add one teaspoon
of the sesame oil and then stir
everything even a nasty you just garnish
with 42 by finely chopped green onion
and enjoy
thank you so much for watching and happy
cooking